patrik|karlsson
matteo luigi|bianchi
patrick|o’donovan
peter|schwaiger
paul|griffiths
lászló|trócsányi
jørn neergaard|larsen
salvatore|sanfilippo
pekka|hakala
giuseppe|casella
tomas|karpavicius
maria|barbosa
lászló|lóránt keresztes
jakob|thomsen
jorge|vitorino
andreas|mylonas
cristian|ghinea
francisco|perez canado
ewa|synowiec
georgios|markopouliotis
miroslaw|piotrowski
nikolaos|panagiotopoulos
georgios|tsitsopoulos
georgios|iakovou
ioannis|amanatidis
frances|fitzgerald
karsten uno|petersen
manuel|lopez escudero
morten helveg|petersen
pavel|svoboda
domenico|gambacorta
krzysztof|jurgiel
lászló|simon
nikolaos|zaimis
katarzyna|kacperczyk
nikos|androulakis
steen bording|andersen
ivan|jakovcic
massimo|rostagno
paolo|bressan
niels|erik søndergaard
miguel|viegas
andrea|di carlo
krzysztof|kozlowski
pedro|marques
mariusz|blaszczak
lászlóné|németh
pawel|herczynski
francisco|orozco dopico
andrzej|nowakowski
patrick|walsh
wolfgang|reinhart
levente|magyar
kestutis|sadauskas
rafael|lopez sanchez
béla|kovács
vincenzo|greco
giuseppe|castiglione
jarmo|oikarinen
konstantin|konstantinou
juha|sipilä
sofia|ribeiro
katarzyna|szychowska
pierre|schmitt
janis|trupovnieks
paolo|corradino
ivan|vukic
alessandro|calza
agnieszka|gregorczyk
andrea|orlando
janis|duklavs
aivars|okmanis
fernando|garcía sánchez
costas|mavrides
friedrich|braeuer
josip|buljevic
niall|o'higgins
andrzej|rudka
pawel|karbownik
pedro|assuncao
cormac|murphy
andrzej|konieczny
marcin|skrzypek
zsolt|németh
henrik ringbæk|madsen
jose antonio|gutierrez fons
oana-alexandra|popescu
luigi|la marca
kristian|jensen
vincenzo|amendola
jose luis|pacheco
carlos|martins
ioannis|dimolitsas
georg|pfeifer
jaroslaw|kalinowski
pawel|adamowicz
lászló|felkai
slawomir|tokarski
carlos|pinto de sá
antonio|aresu
lászló|tasnádi
elisabeth|köstinger
manuel|perez espin
attila|györgy
jadwiga|wisniewska
per bødker|andersen
koen|geens
georgios|kyrtsos
anna|ekström
francesco|pigliaru
hans|dahlgren
carlos|costa
eriks|dauksts
istván|dankó
joão|sousa
nikolaos|milionis
manuel|dueñas
tomas|daukantas
ádám zoltán|kovács
juan|suarez
nerijus|rudaitis
laszlo|sipos
philippe|vleminckx
erik|nielsen
pierre|petit
tatiana|apostoliuc
csaba|dömötör
sándor|pintér
alessandro|boschi
sten frimodt|nielsen
pawel|grzybowski
piotr|glinski
denitsa|nikolova
ryszard|czarnecki
dimitrios|tenezakis
carlos|godinho
mircea|diaconu
teresa|pereira
richard|ashworth
anna|grzybowska
daniela-ioana|popescu
gabor mihaly|nagy
agneta|karlsson
dorota|karczewska
leonids|salcevics
nikolaos|paraskevopoulos
algirdas|butkevicius
guido|de clercq
hans|nilsson
luigi|morgano
rimantas|vaitkus
pekka|myllymäki
stefano|iannitti
tamas|szucs
anastasios|petropoulos
francisco|peñaranda fernandez
dimitrios|mardas
michael|fuchs
zsolt|szabó
arunas|butkevicius
max|andersson
viorel|serbanescu
francesco|de feo
mindaugas|sinkevicius
tomas|žilinskas
karl|falkenberg
angelo|tosetti
fernando|carbajo
sándor|kovács
zhivko|todorov
carlo|pettinelli
mircea|dumitru
francesca|beltrame
patrick|hamilton
jerzy|kwiecinski
ioannis|kaltsas
marcell|bíró
józsef|bacskai
henryk|kowalczyk
zoltán|molnár
andrea|bartolini
pietro|puricella
jose antonio|lopez sanchez
nikolaos|kotzias
kim|eling
jaroslaw|pietras
jiri|zimola
anna|zalewska
paolo|bergamaschi
peter|gajdoš
pawel|busiakiewicz
györgyi|lengyel
isabelle|brusselmans
cornelis|visser
ivaylo|dimitrov
dimo|stoyanov
tomasz|zdzikot
juha|auvinen
ante|babic
domenico|manzione
wolfgang|brandstetter
stanislaw|szwed
luís manuel|teixeira da costa
joaquin|fernandez martin
algirdas|genevicius
vasile|dumitrescu
francisco|merchan cantos
marcin|warchol
jan|mareš
elzbieta|bojanowska
per|petersen
nikolay|nenchev
atanaska|nikolova
agnieszka|kozlowska-rajewicz
carmen|lópez ruiz
peteris|zilgalvis
malin|björk
alessandro|pettini
patrick|cassidy
mary|mitchell o’connor
vincenzo|de luca
georgi|kostov
flemming|sorensen
miguel|gomes
dirk|pauwels
karel|bartak
dariusz|wróbel
stefano|ciccarello
wojciech|wiewiorowski
gintaras|klimavicius
mindaugas|pakstys
antónio|carneiro
krister|andersson
elmars|kronbergs
enrico|traversa
piotr|bartoszewicz-malicki
izabela|wisniewska
erik|nilsson
andrew|mitchell
paolo|ciccarelli
francisco|guerra
saulius|girdauskas
jose|botella serrano
benedikt|luyckx
paolo|brizzi
charlotte|svensson
zsuzsanna|kovacs
alessandro|piccioli
pawel|szuba
peter|versteeg
peter|sørensen
cecilia|malmström
piotr|nowak
elena|neculcea
antonio|carrascosa
giovanni|fracchia
stuart|rowlands
piotr|wozny
róbert|dudás
stefano|signore
christian|weinberger
teresa|ribeiro
józsef|villányi
dariusz|chmiel
krzysztof|czabanski
pierre|amilhat
krzysztof|maruszewski
philippe|de backer
alessandro|mariani
joakim|larsson
attila|kiss
andreas|larsson
ángel luis|sánchez muñoz
magdalena|andersson
juan|fernandez trigo
morten|jensen
américo|pereira
patrick|costello
lászló|szabó
wojciech|falkowski
margarita|nikolova
maciej|popowski
józsef|nagy
petr|ježek
juan|pallares
koen|vervaeke
istván|nagy
lars løkke|rasmussen
manuel|del castillo
jose|labastida
barbara|brandtner
francesco|albinati
mikko|huttunen
barbora|strnadova
giovanni|buttarelli
piotr|ogonowski
marie|hansen
mohammed|amri
pia ahrenkilde|hansen
aurel|trandafir
mihai|turcanu
alessandro|chiocchetti
isabelle|van damme
william|o'leary
tomislav|boban
jose|izarra aguado
pawel|kaleta
giovanni|de santi
arturas|norkevicius
horia|teodorescu
vytautas|grubliauskas
anders|risberg
maria|echevarria
flavius|popa
juha|heikkilä
francesco|albore
marco|d'ambrosio
vlad|voiculescu
manuel|magalhaes
alois|stöger
carlos|miguel
stavros|stavrinides
jesper|fisker
pekka|henttu
wolfgang|mueller
attila|gemes
john|sweeney
veronique|de jonghe
georgios|patoulis
róbert|szabó
morgan|johansson
sergejs|maksimovs
francisco|quevedo
paolo|alberti
carmen|hilario
max|jensen
isabel|luque sanchez
janis|upenieks
dimitrios|papadimoulis
sándor|fazekas
annika|näslund
päivi|seppänen
ioannis|dragasakis
wolfgang|schmidt
franz|schausberger
juan jose|lopez lledo
vidmantas|mackevicius
csaba|balogh
mateusz|kochanowski
manuel|valls
manuel|rodriguez vico
tomislav|tolušic
andreja|potocnik
florin|lupescu
grzegorz|minczakiewicz
david|o'neill
guy|van den eede
krisztina|morvai
georgios|chouliarakis
francisco javier|perez aparicio
ciprian|andronache
ioannis|kasoulidis
massimo|federici
algirdas|vrubliauskas
koen|van dyck
juan carlos|gonzález
james|whitworth
jorge|gomes
ioannis|mouzalas
mária|mayerová
antonio|scalzo
esben lunde|larsen
pawel|zamojski
aleksandrs|lielmežs
poul runge|nielsen
fernando|perez jimenez
krasimir|zhivkov
francisco|lopes
piotr|olowski
riccardo|nencini
pedro|de lima
massimo|paolucci
liliana|rodrigues
manuel|pleguezuelo alonso
erwin|pröll
georg|schütte
jane strange|nielsen
sune|hansen
ioannis|boutaris
jozef|stefanik
slawomir|sosnowski
alexander|popov
mária|kolíková
carlos|coelho
pier giuseppe|rizza
andrzej|szweda-lewandowski
george|mathioudakis
istván|ujhelyi
erling|nielsen
gábor|simon
pekka|nurminen
jose luis|rufas quintana
tomas|mackevicius
jirí|pospíšil
martin|smejkal
lars mitek|pedersen
urmas|reinsalu
giuseppe|rinaldi
pedro|silva pereira
marcin|trojanowski
andris|jaunsleinis
morten|løkkegaard
karel|blaha
jose|gonzalez holguera
juan|martinez guillen
giuseppe|bertoli
andrew|gardner
andrius|kupcinskas
miguel|morgado
henrik|studsgaard
panagiotis|sgouridis
ádám|kósa
jesper schou|hansen
nikolaos|xydakis
marek|wozniak
normunds|vasarins
carsten|rasmussen
zoltán|varga
fernando|arroyo redondo
john schmidt|andersen
piotr|szymanski
joão|costa
dimitrios|giotakos
michael|sønderskov
marc|hansen
attila|pál
otto|heinz
joaquin|aguado alonso
katarzyna|glowala
ana carla|pereira
luigi|cappelletti
giuseppe|abbamonte
giovanni|bidoglio
krzysztof|kwasniewicz
francesco|ronchi
slawomir|mazurek
pearse|o'donohue
andreas|papaconstantinou
thomas|carroll
jens|brøchner
stefano|de leo
nikolaos|chiotakis
afzal|khan
savvas|papasavvas
nikolaos|petras
francisco|peyro llopis
dorthe|andersen
mary|mccaughey
pedro antonio|sánchez lópez
dimitris|avramopoulos
nathalie|blancquaert
peder|jensen
jose javier|fernandez fernandez
marco|pecoraro
gallo|gueye
paolo|colantonio
dimitar|stefanov
antonio|ranieri
fernando|araújo
giovanni|ardizzone
christian|holzleitner
pier luigi|gilibert
jukka|vesala
dobromir|dobrev
javier|lopez ariza
constantin|deaconescu
wojciech|kowalski
peter|aagaard
tatiana|dimitrova
demetris|vryonides
cornelia|gheorghiu
francesca|di mauro
andreas|asiotis
vytautas|vigelis
andrew|owen-griffiths
tünde|szabó
georgi|pirinski
ioannis|natsinas
gediminas|onaitis
csaba|molnár
andrea|cozzolino
zoltán|ónodi-szucs
agnieszka|kazmierczak
carl johan|sonesson
franz|obermayr
pedro|cervilla
anna|johansson
dimitrios|gratsias
michael|scannell
joao|figueiredo
søren|nielsen
stefan|olsson
francesco|mattina
carlo|corazza
giuseppe|corda
guntis|belevics
dimo|ivanov
josef|doppelbauer
eleni|theocharous
carlo|bittarelli
georgios|christophi
ioannis|zografos
nikolaos|papanikolaou
francisco|garcia moran
nikolaos|filis
carlo|pettinato
francesco|di massa
krzysztof|czekalowski
niklas|johansson
jaime|silva
antonio|soria ramirez
giovanni|la via
piotr|tulej
christian|schmidt
kestutis|žilionis
adrian|mircea
mihály|varga
janis|eglits
katarzyna|smyk
paolo|cesarini
ioannis|balafas
giovanni|di carlo
peter|van dalen
giuseppe|carone
wolfgang|streitenberger
francisco|javier padilla olivares
joão|azevedo
paolo|mengozzi
friedrich|kitschelt
dimitrios|katsanidis
marie|zvolská
margarida|marques
roberto|gualtieri
saulius|jakimavicius
pedro nuno|santos
david|wilkinson
jacek|pasternak
jesus|gomez
piotr|serafin
james|o'donnell
jess have|nielsen
tomasz piotr|poreba
juan luis|requejo pages
traian|ungureanu
franz|rieger
jesper|svenningsen
tomasz|kozlowski
pietro|cappeddu
mikael|stenström
uldis|krastins
gheorghe|lascu
krzysztof|zielke
jiri|kubicek
nikolaos|chountis
david|mcallister
petr|hrdlicka
dimitrios|triantafyllou
björn|larsson
urmas|kruuse
dimitrios|vitsas
timo|pesonen
friedrich|wieland
dorte|hansen
tomislav|panenic
malgorzata|laksander
ioannis|sgouros
elzbieta|bienkowska
andris|kesteris
attila|lajos
joão|ferreira
lászló|ignéczi
janusz|wojciechowski
raimonds|bricis
jan|zahradil
joão|leão
james|sweeney
nikolaos|pappas
giuseppe|d’amico
antonio|almagro
francesco|mazzaferro
jaroslaw|zielinski
tomáš|novotný
marta|ferreira de carvalho
raffaele|cattaneo
catherine|byrne
jorge|costa oliveira
luis|berenguer
antónio|pereira
piotr|pawel zajaczkowski
tomasz|szatkowski
antonio|figueira
olivier|luyckx
wladyslaw|piskorz
pedro|ribeiro
piotr|calbecki
paolo|iannuccelli
agnieszka|skuratowicz
franz|pietsch
thomas|oberreiter
karl|pichelmann
mercedes|ortuño
krzysztof|bernacki
delia|popescu
ylva|johansson
erich|unterwurzacher
janis|vitolinš
jiri|svarc
nathalie|ilunga
arkadiusz|godlewski
salvatore|d'acunto
giuseppe|siani
mercedes|garcia perez
tomislav|ivic
uffe toudal|pedersen
lars bay|larsen
agnieszka|bidzinska
svatopluk|nemecek
antonio|di giulio
rafal|romanowski
indrek|saar
ciprian|bucur
ján|ferencák
anders|neergaard
john|o'rourke
antonio|tizzano
zoltán|kovács
marek|olszewski
troels lund|poulsen
ian|andersen
carlo|fidanza
maciej|kopec
ivaylo|ivanov
joanna|szychowska
pietro|russo
michele|piergiovanni
francesco|frapiccini
harald|sonnberger
ioannis|kourakis
andreas|antoniades
dimitrios|athanasiadis
jános|nagy
jose luis|bilbao guerrero
piotr|antoni switalski
roberto|ridolfi
androulla|ioannou
rimantas|sinkevicius
georgios|yannoussis
antti|liikkanen
paolo|lombardo
valdis|dombrovskis
anders|henriksson
stephen|mccafferty
rihards|kozlovskis
ion|prioteasa
maria|de lurdes rodrigues
alessandro|turrini
evangelos|apostolou
jeroen|hooijer
peter|eriksson
kristian|knudsen
lukasz|broniewski
manuel|valdivia benzal
henrik|nielsen
mihails|kozlovs
agnieszka|nyka
jakub|kopriva
pascale|beeckmans
janis|garisons
karel|novotný
anders|vilhelmsson
irena|georgieva
giuseppe|menchi
olli-pekka|heinonen
maris|kucinskis
andreas|papadopoulos
geert|de baere
david|galloway
anne mette|vestergaard
pier antonio|panzeri
pietro|ducci
giedrius|mozuraitis
koen|lenaerts
gábor zsolt|pataki
frank|lee
nikolaos|apostolidis
janis|reirs
henrik|qvist
algirdas|stoncaitis
daniela|gheorghe
francesco|drudi
endre|juhász
krzysztof|hetman
janis|baiks
paul|nemitz
thomas|brandtner
gintaras|morkunas
antonio|vicente
wolfgang|burtscher
malgorzata|wasilewska
ioannis|giogkarakisargyropoulos
przemyslaw|miklaszewicz
tanya|hristova
hristo|kirilov
giuseppe|di pangrazio
roberto|pappalardo
olivier|hansen
wolfgang|kern
anna|kaczmarek
cecilia|wikström
anna|krzyzanowska
manuel|fernández ponce
andreas|schwarz
vincenzo|bianco
ioannis|ganoulis
georgi|slavov
michael|o'flaherty
mary|shields
luigi|sandrin
dimitrios|kalogeropoulos
bodil|nielsen
georg|haeusler
michael|murphy
maciej|markiewicz
philippe|van damme
abdoul|diallo
jesus|villasante
sandor|kovacs
mantas|stanevicius
paulo|oliveira
janusz|lewandowski
antonio|gentile
patrick|o'flynn
george|georghiou
dimitrios|papaggelopoulos
attilio|pacifici
jesper|madsen
gerhard|grill
fritz|jaeckel
agnieszka|kudlinska
dimitar|radev
juan|marcos
joão|delgado
nicola|de michelis
jacek|bogucki
krzysztof|michalkiewicz
jános|lázár
gerard|de graaf
guillaume|lecomte
marco|malacarne
august|götzfried
alexander|kornezov
ioannis|malekos
audrius|navikas
zoltán|németh
paolo|martinelli
vítor|proença
victor|negrescu
janis|iesalnieks
antonio|anselmi
giuseppe|angelini
paavo|väyrynen
susanne|nikolajsen
vytautas|kanevicius
tibor|szanyi
jozef|kamenický
niels|fischer
costas|hadjikakou
alessandro|rainoldi
ivan|aleksiev
paolo|stancanelli
manuel|delgado
david|ringrose
péter|bokor
antonio|victoria sanchez
jeroen|reijnen
krisztina|nagy
nikos|giannopoulos
alessandro|annoni
françois|van den berghe
pierre|delsaux
mats|andersson
piotr|dardzinski
manuel|dos santos
david|shakespeare
péter|szijjártó
tsvyatko|georgiev
szabolcs|takács
fredrik|lindholm
javier|fernández fernández
józsef|pálinkás
andrzej|grzyb
thomas|obermayr
giuseppe|varacalli
wolfgang|schobesberger
zoltan|csehi
francisco|caballero sanz
piotr|warczynski
ewa|szymanska
giuseppe|scognamiglio
francesco|contesso
pawel|brzezicki
nikolay|nikolov
andris|petersons
mircea|radulescu
marjan|pogacnik
paolo|gentiloni
andrei|popescu
miguel|cabrita
dirk|stockmans
pieter|van nuffel
tamás|deutsch
tsvetan|dimitrov
radu|negrea
francisco|martínez vázquez
orsolya|balogh
teodor|stoychev
kestutis|vaitukaitis
jose|eduardo leandro
ioannis|tsironis
mary|mccarthy
adam|banaszak
erik|flyvholm
tamás|vargha
michael hunnicke|jensen
raimonds|bergmanis
georgios|karakatsanis
samo|jereb
francisco|fonseca morillo
katalin|novák
ioannis|dimitrakopoulos
arunas|kazlauskas
kim|freidberg
paulo|santos
ana sofia|silva
françois|willekens
andrew|mcdowell
phillip lee  dr phillip|lee
hermann|winkler
anthony|humphreys
janusz|bielecki
james|illingworth
joão paulo|rebelo
georgi|chakarov
csilla|fekete
vincenzo|cardarelli
anders|rasmussen
antonio|miceli
karel|hruska
inese|vaidere
wilhelm|molterer
christos|stylianides
andrejs|pantelejevs
lászló|palkovics
joão|vasconcelos
anna|záborská
jose maria|criado garcia
mohamed|ali
josef|novotný
vincenzo|rondinella
javier|moreno sanchez
corina|popescu
enrico|zanetti
carmen|naranjo sanchez
slawomir|klosowski
carlo|rusconi
domenico|rossi
paulo alexandre|ferreira
stine|larsen
christos|economou
ulf|bergström
zoltán|balog
edgars|rinkevics
terhi|lehtonen
